About Executable and Linking Format (ELF)
- Ref
  : https://www.intezer.com/executable-linkable-format-101-part1-sections-segments/
  
a. What is ELF?
- Standard File format (binary format) which defines the structure of Binaries(executables), Object files, Libraries, and Core Dumps.
- Typically the output of compiler or linker
- Used when a executable is executed, ELF is referenced for WHAT SHOULD BE PUT WHERE

b. Actual use case of ELF

Source file on DISK => (Compilation) => Output: A Binary file on DISK (e.g. a.out) => Loader loading the executable on the memory 
by referencing the EFL file.
The executable file on DISK has ELF file format where it has three major components:
 - ELF Header, Sections, Segments

c. ELF File format - 1000-foot view
- ELF file format has three major components; ELF Header, Sections, Segments

 i. ELF Header - Contains the general information of a binary
 ii. Sections - Sections comprise all information needed for linking and relocating a target object file in order to build a working executable.
                It’s important to highlight that sections are needed on LINKTIME but they are not needed on runtime.
                
                Some common sections are the following:
                  .text: code.
                  .data: initialised data.
                  .rodata: initialised read-only data.
                  .bss: uninitialized data.
                  .plt: PLT (Procedure Linkage Table) (IAT equivalent).
                  .got: GOT entries dedicated to dynamically linked global variables.
                  .got.plt: GOT entries dedicated to dynamically linked functions.
                  .symtab: global symbol table.
                  .dynamic: Holds all needed information for dynamic linking.
                  .dynsym: symbol tables dedicated to dynamically linked symbols.
                  .strtab: string table of .symtab section.
                  .dynstr: string table of .dynsym section.
                  .interp: RTLD embedded string.
                  .rel.dyn: global variable relocation table.
                  .rel.plt: function relocation table.
                  
 iii. Segments (Also called Program Header) - Segments break down the structure of an ELF binary into suitable chunks to prepare 
               the executable to be loaded into memory. 
               In contrast with Section Headers, Program Headers are NOT NEEDED on linktime.
               
               Segments describe how to create a process/memory image for runtime execution. When the kernel sees these segments, 
               it uses them to map them into virtual address space, using the mmap(2) system call. In other words, it converts 
               predefined instructions into a memory image. 
               
               Only PT_LOAD segments get loaded into memory. Therefore, every other segment is mapped within the memory range 
               of one of the PT_LOAD segments.
               
 ** Sections vs. Segments
  - Sections gather all needed information to link a given object file and build an executable, while Program Headers split 
    the executable into segments with different attributes, which will eventually be loaded into memory.
  - Segments group sections by attributes into single segments in order to make the loading process of the executable 
    more efficient, instead of loading each individual section into memory.
  - Segments' offsets and virtual addresses must be congruent modulo the page size and their p_align field must be a multiple 
    of the system page size.
    * Refer the image of Sections_vs_Segments.png
